[ENH] Add explicit wording on DICOM terms correspondence (#1450)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/common-principles.md

acquisition parameters available in DICOM files, we RECOMMEND that users provide
additional meta information extracted from DICOM files in a sidecar JSON file
(with the same filename as the `.nii[.gz]` file, but with a `.json` extension).

> Many of such metadata entries are explicitly formalized in BIDS and could be found listed in the [Glossary](./glossary.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many of such metadata entries are explicitly formalized in BIDS and can be found listed in the [Glossary](./glossary.md).
```

> Many of such metadata entries are explicitly formalized in BIDS and can be found listed in the [Glossary](./glossary.md).
> Whenever formalizing a new metadata entry within BIDS, the name SHOULD correspond to the original DICOM Tag whenever the value is taken *as is* without any further harmonization.
> The description of the term in the schema then SHOULD describe such correspondence as "Corresponds to DICOM Tag ID1, ID2 `DICOM Tag Name`.".
> If value is harmonized, the description SHOULD describe such correspondence as "Based on DICOM Tag ID1, ID2 `DICOM Tag Name`.".

Author: With just a slight tune up a [suggestion from @effigies](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/pull/1450#issuecomment-2076255999):

```suggestion
Currently defined metadata fields are listed in the [Glossary](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/pull/glossary.md).
Where possible, DICOM Tags are adopted directly as BIDS metadata terms and indicated with "Corresponds to DICOM Tag ID1, ID2 DICOM Tag Name.".
When harmonization has been deemed necessary, this is indicated in the BIDS term description with "Based on DICOM Tag ID1, ID2 DICOM Tag Name.".
```

I like it . WDYT @sappelhoff

Reviewer: LGTM, but I think you forgot the backticks around `DICOM Tag Name`!

Reviewer 2: With updated glossary URL, bold markers and back-ticks:

```suggestion
Currently defined metadata fields are listed in the [Glossary](./glossary.md).
Where possible, DICOM Tags are adopted directly as BIDS metadata terms and
indicated with "**Corresponds to** DICOM Tag ID1, ID2 `DICOM Tag Name`.".
When harmonization has been deemed necessary, this is indicated in the
BIDS term description with "**Based on** DICOM Tag ID1, ID2 `DICOM Tag Name`.".
```

> If value is harmonized, the description SHOULD describe such correspondence as "Based on DICOM Tag ID1, ID2 `DICOM Tag Name`.".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the name is harmonized (against the previous recommendation), then the description SHOULD describe such correspondence as "Based on DICOM Tag ID1, ID2 `DICOM Tag Name`.".
```

Author: it feels that it is two points here:

1. It might indeed be the name and/or the value which is "harmonized". Previous wording was aiming only for `value` harmonization, @sappelhoff , you propose to flip it to `name` here?
    - `name` harmonization:  For the `name`-only (value stays the same) I do not immediately can come up with an example but potentially it could happen.  
    - overall, good point, will think about it a little more.
 2. Overall wording could be improved to make two cases more obvious (need to think more too, I have some dislike to suggested "against ..." formulation)

Reviewer: > but potentially it could happen

then let's try to cover both 👍 

I was mostly trying to streamline the language, please feel free to iterate!
